README.md, before:

# onboarding-slack-bot
Code for San Jose On Boarding Slack Bot

### Description
I began following this tutorial posted by Slack: https://api.slack.com/best-practices/blueprints/new-user-notification
And ended up forking this project https://github.com/slackapi/template-terms-of-service

The onboarding-slack-bot's goal is to automate the Code for San Jose onboarding process as much as possible.

#### Run locally
1. Get the code
    * Either clone this repo and run `npm install`
2. Set the following environment variables to `.env` (see `.env.sample`):
    * `SLACK_ACCESS_TOKEN`: Your app's `xoxb-` token (available on the Install App page, after you install the app to a workspace once.)
    * `SLACK_SIGNING_SECRET`: Your app's Signing Secret (available on the **Basic Information** page)
3. If you're running the app locally:
    * Start the app (`npm start`)
    
#### Deploy to Production
TODO 

#### Enable the Slack Events API
1. Go back to the app settings and click on Events Subscriptions
1. Set the Request URL to your server (*e.g.* `https://yourname.ngrok.com`) + `/events`
1. On the same page, subscribe to the `team_join` team events

#### Enable Slack Interactive Messages
1. In the app settings, click on Interactive Messages
1. Set the Request URL to your server + `/interactive`

Commit message:

Heroku deployment (#1)
* prod

* removed .env variables from .env.sample

* Added instructions to the ReadMe

* applied vulnerability patches

* Added a Procfile.

* updated url

README.md, after:

# onboarding-slack-bot
Code for San Jose On Boarding Slack Bot

### Description
I began following this tutorial posted by Slack: https://api.slack.com/best-practices/blueprints/new-user-notification
And ended up forking this project https://github.com/slackapi/template-terms-of-service

The onboarding-slack-bot's goal is to automate the Code for San Jose onboarding process as much as possible.

#### Run locally
1. Get the code
    * Either clone this repo and run `npm install`
2. Set the following environment variables to `.env` (see `.env.sample`):
    * `SLACK_ACCESS_TOKEN`: Your app's `xoxb-` token (available on the Install App page, after you install the app to a workspace once.)
    * `SLACK_SIGNING_SECRET`: Your app's Signing Secret (available on the **Basic Information** page)
3. If you're running the app locally:
    * Start the app (`npm start`)
    
#### Deploy to Production
This project exists as a Heroku application on https://cfsj-onboarding-slack-bot.herokuapp.com. In order to directly edit prod, please contact the codeforsanjose@gmail.com for getting added to the Heroku repo

##### Steps for implementing this project
0. Make sure you can run the app locally either by following the steps above or testing through `heroku local`
1. `git init`
2. If creating the app for the first time,`heroku create`
3. `git push heroku master`

#### Enable the Slack Events API
1. Go back to the app settings and click on Events Subscriptions
1. Set the Request URL to your server (*e.g.* `https://yourname.ngrok.com`) + `/events`
1. On the same page, subscribe to the `team_join` team events

#### Enable Slack Interactive Messages
1. In the app settings, click on Interactive Messages
1. Set the Request URL to your server + `/interactive`
